When I was accused of having impregnated someone's daughter, it á was the girl's cousin who had done it. 
When people/press analyze a particular newsworthy item (CAL á Football team) which I am a member and can only see the situation á in a bad light and always put the team down. 
I felt disgust when I realized that I had eaten something fatty, á and vomited too much. 
My husband falls ill and does not follow the doctor's advice on á the treatment or the diet control. 
One night I saw a man being knocked down by two other men. The á victim was kicked against his head. 
During the Chinese lessons a student often showed off. Moreover á he misbehaved and dressed very badly.  So disgusting ! 
One day I was walking with my boyfriend. We met my ex-boyfriend á and out of jealousy he started calling me names. 
One day my friend told me that she had heard that I was moving á about with her boyfriend. I was disgusted with the news. 
When I realized that my closest friend had said bad things about á me when I was not around and had betrayed me by making friends á with my boyfriend's other girl. 
During a football game, another player who was perspiring very á strongly ran into me. 
A very drunk person. 
Waiting for a bus not coming for a long time, and the bus drivers á were having a long lunch. 
When I red a report in the magazine VESA about an Iranian telling á what she had lived in the prisons in Iran. I felt disgust about á that people. 
When I noticed two spiders running on the floor in different á directions. 
Our neighbour came and gossiped, about others, with my parents. 
When a close relative got quite drunk. It was a relative that I á had respected for a long time and looked up to as a child. 
Not applicable. 
Once when I was babysitting for some neighbors children I found á roaches in ther bathroom. I had never seen a roach before but I á called my mother to make sure that's what they were. And she came á over and checked. 
I was double crossing Mercy and Maria. They one day came to know á each other. I was found by Mercy red-haded when I was with Maria. 
Friends calling me fat - pear shaped in front of a nice girl. 
A TV program on whale-hunting. 
I read a newspaper article about dogs being stolen in order to á use them for fighting purposes. 
I stormed into the room, hoping to cool myself with some soft á music from my three band radio cassette.  There was only young á Kaley there and he explained, " Your aunt has sold it as she á wanted to buy clothes." 
When I was watching some scenes from the Bertoluchi's film á "Twentieth Century". 
A young man was insulting and humiliating a drunken man. 
Postgraduate students talking about girls stupid. 
Hearing of a filthy situation over the phone. 
I had a discussion with my wife about an over-weight acquaintance of á our's, about her eating habits and the scars caused by her á pregnancy. 
When I was studying in the library a pair of lovers were sitting á next to me talking in an intense and soft voice.  They were á disturbing others. 
A man sexually aggressed a small girl in the bus but the girl did á not dare to speak out. 
I became disgusted with the man on whom I had counted, who I had á trusted, the man who should have been my mainstay - my father. á I could hardly make myself (and the others) believe in this á emotion. It has cumulated after events and deeds. Everything can á happen in this world. 
When I see that some people remain cold and egoistic with regard á to close friends, even in situations that those friends need á them. 
The physical appearance of a meal. 
When I saw someone eating live worms. 
A drunkard fell, started bleeding and wet himself.  Disgust that á turned into sadness-unpleasantness. 
My elder sister forced me to do a few things which I did not like á to do. 
I was travelling in a local train when a drunkard, smelling á terribly, entered the same carriage and started eating fish that á was stinking. 
I was disgusted at the behavior of these boys I work with in the á scouting program. They showed a lack of interest, unrest, and at á times just plain rude behavior. 
Saw a real party leader. 
I happened to see two boys fighting, one of them fell down and á hurt his head.  The other one used this to spank the head of the  boy on the ground. 
I detest any kind of constraint and hate the attempts of elder á people to force me to a norm of behavior without having legal or á moral rights to do it. I felt this emotion when a neighbour of á mine made me kick out my guests because they had talked very á loudly and threatened that with "connections" she will expel me á from the inst. 
Hearing Norman Jones get hysterical in Parliament about law á reform (on the radio - listening with 2 others). 
My father is someone I disgust. So when he comes close to me á a feeling of disgust overwhelms me. When I stay a week-end at my á parent's place I will remember it for long time. 
When mum had beaten my young sister just because she had received á a letter from a boyfriend. 
A tiresome person held me up all day long.  I was very busy then á (I can not remember what the problem was).  He continously tried á to make me talk to him and disturbed me. 
Some time ago a girl tried to make me up without any action of my á part. She used all possible means. Although I behaved refusingly á she did not give up for a longer time. 
I saw a friend's husband with another woman. 
When programmes on violence or pornography are shown on T.V. 
I happened to see the video-tape movie "This is America - Part á one" at my friend's place. 
I felt disgusted when I found out that someone had betrayed me. á That person had been dishonest with me and I felt used. 
There was a cat on the street.  It had been run over and its head was á open.  We passed beside it. 
While watching a movie, someone who was drunk started vomiting á helplessly. 
The time I went to see one of my girlfriends at Area 18 I found á that she was not there but in the room she was sleeping, in the same á room there were some women visitors with children so the room was á smelling very badly with some faeces and urine in it so I didn't stay á any longer. 
I once saw an old man up the road, fossicking through the rubbish á bins and the gutter. I was really disgusted at first but I've á seen him a few times since then and now I feel really sorry for á him and I often give him cigarettes when I see him, because he á mainly goes after cigarette butts and it is revolting. 
In school I had difficulties mith mathematics. When I had to work á for an examination, I really felt disgusted. 
When my uncle comes (3 times a year) for the traditional á Christmas dinner with my grandparents and other relatives and is á very drunk. 
I work part-time as a shop-assistant and a customer spoke to me á very loudly about an Indian man & white woman with children - how á horrible that was and would I want to have little dark children. 
I have an adopted Aboriginal sister I felt disgust due to the á racism she has been subjected to. 
When I discovered my mother had been having an affair with my á father's best friend, and then ran away with him without even á speaking to me about what she was doing letting me come home from á school simply to find her gone. I was filled with disgust and á contempt. 
I saw a sort of black worm being attacked by many ants. 
A condition in which I was disgusted followed when I lost money á on my way home from the college. 
When I saw hundreds of snakes twisting over one another in a á movie. 
When I see pornographic films. 
Finding a hair in the soup. 
When my father thought that I was an unrelaible son. 
A few days after I had finished the relationship with my á boyfriend, we had a quarrel. Then he hit me. At that moment I á found him disgusting. 
Once when I was studying for my examination, I was asked to do á some work which was unavoidable. 
I don't remember about a situation when I have experienced this á feeling. Maybe it was when I saw a drunkard in the street. 
I and my friends got acquainted with a guy from Sofia who turned á out to be gay, but we found that out only after 2 or 3 days. 
T.V features showing the violation of defenceless people. 
At a gathering I found myself involuntarily sitting next to two á people who expressed opinions that I considered very low and á discriminating. 
When I failed my first biochemistry test. 
I felt disgusted when my appointment to meet the E.N.T. á specialist had been turned down. The specialist came from U.K. á and went the same day and we do not have one. 
When an acquaintance (he was drunk) of my room-mate vomitted on the kitchen á carpet.  It was past mid-night and my room-mate had just moved in, á this acquaintance had helped her move in.á 
I had this feeling when I met a girl, not that she was dirty but á she was to "fresh", dump and childish. 
My roommate liked to listen to some meaningless songs which had á melody but had no content.  We lived together so when he played á the recorder I was forced to listen to them.  I could not tell á him that I did not like to listen to the songs, as I had no right á to disturb the freedom of others.  So I would find a pretext to á leave the room and go somewhere else. 
The sight of vomit on the street. 
When I saw a lady putting on a pair of trousers, I felt it was a á disguise according to Malawi culture. 
When employer made a pass at me whilst I was at work. 
I feel disgust with some people when I see what they are capable á of, including lack of any dignity, when trying to find a seat in á the tram. 
When I was talking to a person who is a hypocrite, I felt á disgusted at his reaction. 
Saw a very arrogant girl walking like a queen. 
When I saw a girl in my economics discussion section smiling and á asking stupid questions to the TA. just to get attention. She was á obviously ass-kissing. It happens in every Econ. discussion held á weekly. 
Heard someone boasting his fortune telling and I knew he was á lying. 
I felt disgust when I saw a friend walking in stagnant water á without putting on gum boots. 
Hear people talking at my back. 
A colleague and I were sitting on a bench next to an old man in a á shopping centre. the old man coughed and spluttered somewhat, á then with his fingers removed the resultant phlegm and mucous á from his mouth, and transferred it onto the armrest of the á bench. 
I saw a physically handicapped young man whose spittle ran out of á his mouth while speaking. 
When I heard the bad news about the death of a close person. 
When I had just moved into my new appartment I found a ventilator á in the kitchen.  I was going to clean it when I found that the á drum was full of mud and slime.  I felt disgusted. 
I met my best friend's husband with a prostitute. 
Seeing a friend "making love" to a high school girl. I á accidentally was dragged into this room where the happenings had á occurred. I was disgusted at the reality. 
Many times, when my father used to come home drunk and maltreated á physically me and my mother. 
When I heard about the advances an acquaintance of mine had made á to my friends, who did not approve of them. 
My classmate got a "B" for his homework while I only got a "C".  á When we got the results he acted as if he did not merit this á grade.  I found that his humility was hypocritical and I found it á disgusting. 
The sadistinc exacution of a student in the USA. 
[ This is an everyday feeling.  Many situational events : causes á are unclean and dirty environment, illiteracy, poverty and á neglect of human resources, disgust at the lack of perception on á the part of us ( educated few) for the lack of drive and drive á towards their redemption. ] 
I was insulted without a reason by a drunk man. 
When I dined with my new friends, one of them kept reminding us á that he was superior. 
Once I offended a friend, instead of her coming to me to ask and á discuss the matter she was just telling other people about it and á say all she could about me. 
When I was getting up, I found a live cockroach in my bedroom. 
When I was teaching a student started making silly remarks in á class. 
When one of my parents verbally, personally abused the other. 
The time I knocked a deer down - the sight of the animal's á injuries and helplessness.  The realization that the animal was á so badly hurt that it had to be put down, and when the animal á screamed at the moment of death. 
I was once raped (one year ago) by a man who was a lot older than á me and whom I just met. Maybe it wasn't rape but the man wanted á more than I wanted to give him since there were other people in á vicinity. 
Some boys boasting about their ability to tell dirty jokes. 
When I stayed in the house of friends, I washed my face and á wanted to dry it with a towel. This towel seemed to have been á used over a long time already. It smelled indefinably awful. 
The lift of Stockholm central station stank of vomit and urine. 
My boss on the job failed to keep his promise about something he á knew was extremely important to me. 
Seeing maltreated, dead animals. 
I heard a broadcasting programme about parapsychology. The people á in this programme used very difficult words which I couldn't á understand. They acted exaggerated without showing any feeling. 
The time when I cleaned the house and everything was tidy, á then my cousin, who is 4 years old, came with a muddy pot and made á a mess of the whole thing. 
When I discovered that my mother had been involved in adultery. 
Cueing for a bus and the drivers having long dinner. 
[ When some people act very important in any situation.] 
The male friend of my mother (a widow) moved in to live with us.  á I did not like the man. 
Disgust with myself for consistently making foolish errors in á communicating with others (asking for 1/2 Kg of nuts when I only á wanted 50 g). 
A dirty person, smelling bad and unknown laying on me. 
When my roommate forgets to flush the toilet. 
I met a certain lady at the bus depot who was using a bad á language but was a very smart looking lady. 
After a serie of facts that occurred between a colleague and me I á started to feel a certain necessity to get apart and I didn't want á to see her anymore. 
During a movie in which I saw the effect of white settlers in á Africa. 
When I saw a film in which the man suffered from an illness and    á his skin came peeling off. 
When I beat up my brother in order to control him and make him á obey my parents orders. 
I was disgusted at the university wanting some of us to travel á from our homes to the lectures here every day.  The way the whole á thing was handled disgusted me. 
I went to a party and there were some cakes which weren't good á and had a bad smell. 
Accidentally seeing a friend in a compromising situation with a á stranger. 
I was sitting at a rock concert, listening to an extremely loud á band. A tiny baby in a crawler had been left by his young mother, á right out in the sun next to a speaker, and was screaming - á probably in pain. 
Finding that a girlfriend of mine was a prostitute and had been á seeing many others during our relationship. 
On my way home in the middle of the night I saw a drunk man and a á woman who were quarreling, beating each other, shouting and so á on. I felt disgusted especially because they treated each other á in such a degrading way. 
When the committee, to which I belong, was accused of having á squandered the money of the association. 
When I entered a brothel and saw two sailors with a young á prostitute who was not older than 18. 
When an unpleasant person tried to make friends with me.  A á subtle, small, insignificant, grey being whose helplessness and á neutrality evoked the feeling of disgust in me. 
The day I went to eat dinner in the dinning hall and found a á dead fly in my gravy. 
When I saw a lot of rubbish and animal waste on the floor. 
We had a birthday party with 5 friends. One of us frequently used á hard drugs. On the party I discovered that the other 3 friends á also used them. While we agreed we would help the big user to á stop using it. 
I think I have hardly had a situation where I felt disgusted. á Perhaps once, when I saw a big spider. 
I cannot remember exactly such a situation. But I know that á once I went to a very dirty lavatory and that disgusted me. 
I was travelling, we were 15 person, one of them I met at the á travel and didn't like her. One night I was asleep while she and á her friends were talking too loud in the kitchen. I got up to ask for á silence and since that day I felt constant disgust for her. 
To go through the underground way at suburb station of LAPA. Poor á people and the ambulants badly dressed up in a passage badly á kept. 
I once saw an elderly lady who was not properly dressed.  She was á wearing a transparent dress, such things are not sopposed to be á seen in African society. 
Quarreling with my father, when he made false assertions. 
I applied for a job of GALSO counselor and I made the strongest á possible application but was denied an interview. I felt á disgusted at the system which by promoting the cause of á minorities makes employing whites lowest priority. 
Saw a scene in a movie implying incest as humorous. 
I met three drunk boys, almost children, they didn't look like á normal people. 
When my parents behave very "witty" towards me, they make insipid á jokes about which they laugh. Or my mother who treats me like a á little child. 
Close friends talking badly of other friends. 
Coming home one night - my sister was home, and had been drinking á heavily and started picking arguments. 
When a close friend wilfully cheated me. 
The same event described under FEAR - in the bus a man sat beside á me, with his trousers open and holding his penis. 
A lie on the part of a person close to me. 
I went to the shopping centre to buy something and saw packets of á Kapenta  with maggots in them. Oh ! 
When I watched a film about the problems of abandoned children á (PIXOTE). 
When I noticed that a nice person was being exploited á economically. 
The first time I saw a pornographic film, all that in practice is á so beautiful but on the screen appered as something mechanical, á irrational, disgusting and dehumanizing. 
My main disgust is against codfish because I detest even the á smell of it. 
I was disgusted to discover that my girlfriend of few weeks was á already fooling around with another guy.  I was disappointed as á the guy was a rogue and I respected my girlfriend. 
During the week-end at home, my mother fries greasy and unhealthy á meat dishes which make me feel sick. 
I was listening to a priest in church saying how sinful man was, á and how all men should renounce their desires and pleasures to á please God. I could never understand how something that brings you á joy could be a sin. 
When a close friend of mine maintained a relationship with me á till she needed me and broke it off when she did not need me.  á She behaved life a really selfish person. 
[ When mix was coming from column for several days.] 
Having unwanted attention paid to me in my place of work - á harrassment (and sexual harrassment) by another worker - á disgusted by his implications. 
I got disgusted with a man who was beating a woman in the street. á I just happened to be there but I was abhorred by the rudness. 
When a friend didn't invite her own parents to her Graduation á ceremony. 
This was when I saw, for the first time, a naked woman á (prostitute) run away from a house after having been discovered á by the guardian. 
I felt disgusted while studying for my applied psychology and á mental testing papers in B.A. 
I felt disgust of dirty. 
People talking in an important lecture. 
Can't describe any disgust situation. 
When I saw a film in which there was a scene where women were cut á to pieces.  Above all, it was the blood and the confusion which á impressed me most. 
I have a horror of spiders and snakes. On a walk through the wood á I saw the body of a slow-worm (without the head). 
When I was a teacher in an evening school, a girl raised a lot of á questions and expressed her opinions.  She, very often, took a á stand which was different from mine and she thought that it á was better than mine.  Her opinions were helpful academically, but  á she did not take into consideration my position in public.  Also á she seemed to be very talkative and so she disgusted me. 
Right now I volunteer at a hospital. Yesterday, Halloween, I á dressed up as a doctor and went to work. The volunteer á coordinator told me after my shift that it was dangerous to have á done what I did. 
A close friend took part in a racist violent action. 
On Reperbahn, in a restaurant, a "charming" old saleswoman came á to beg a drink for herself. 
The way my husband and his family treated me - unfairly, cruelly, á and unjustly. 
I feel disgusted with toadies, hypocrites, chameleons. 
I watched the news at the TV, it was a commentary about á "Hainburg". I felt disgusted when I heard members of the union á speak about the situation. 
I was disgusted by my paranoid attitude towards myself, my á homework at university and disgusted about my lack of retention. á Especially in learning another language. 
A girl, who is a friend of mine was having an affair with a boy á who is also a friend of mine.  I got to know that this girl was á also seeing another guy.  Later on, she just broke off with this friend á of mine without giving any explanations.  This made him sad and á depressed, and I felt disgust for this girl. 
My roommate messing up our room. 
Ever since I have been a child, the sight of any kind of wound. 
I was disgusted at myself when I dropped a vital catch, while á playing a cricket match, and we lost the match; though the catch á was difficult. 
This happened when I could not get into the school I had á initially wanted, and ended up doing something I had never á thought I would do. 
Disgust is a feeling that I have never experienced with peoplie á but , on the other hand, it has been with repulsive animals, i;e á snakes on T.V. 
I was disgusted when I was told to dress a big rotten stinky á wound which, coming closer, made me feel like vomitting. 
I met a girl (22 years old), married. I liked her. I asked her á for a date and I kissed her. I discovered that she lived nearby á where I passed every day. I got amused thinking that her husband á would be ... or me . I didn't talked to her anymore. 
Saw someone acting in a false manner in public. 
When I first saw the state of a cafeteria in the grounds of the á university. Due to students own lack of concern for the á environment in which they eat and drink. Rubbish and spilled tea á and coffee left everywhere. 
In the army, I had been in hospital for two weeks and as soon as á I returned to the company, a sergeant ordered me to fetch a load á on the tractor trailer. 
In the army, an acquaintance of mine tended to use his position á to advance his own interests. 
On my way to a concert I went with a man who tried to molest me. á At that moment I did not care much but now the impression fills á me with disgust. 
Flicking through a magazine showing pictures of homosexual men á committing various acts. 
When I slept with a guy because my best friend wanted me to.  á He had never had intercourse with anyone and had a terrible á complex about it. 
I came across a woman in town who was very drunk.  She was á swearing at everyone and carried on drinking even though she á could hardly stand. 
I had to change a baby's clothes for the first time. 
My older sister used to pick on my brothers and sisters all of á whom were younger than her. On one occasion my brother did á something my sister didn't like. A full-scale battle began. 
Disgust for a person who treated me badly, and has treated other á people similarly - including lying, hiding facts, being á deceitful, unfair, etc. 
At school, when the only thing people my age could think of was getting á rolling drunk. They couldn't have a good time without firstly á getting drunk. 
Seeing a pornographic movie in which animals were used. 
Heard some postgraduate students talking about girls being á unsiutable to do medicine. 
When I was about to clean the draining board and saw it looked á underneath the sink (I live in a students hostel). 
When I failed the  grade 7 exams. 
A saturday night a bus full of drunken people. 
In autumn I had to move to another lodging. My landlords, quite á intelligent people, warned me I had to move in the nearest á future. But I had difficulties in moving my luggage because I á couldn't wait for a car to come. How amazed I was to hear them á threatening me they would throw our my things. And at that my á luggage was well packed and did not stand in their way. I was á quite  disappointed and disgusted. 
When my roommate and I had dinner together we decided as to who á would clean the bowls.  One day when I came back from school I á found that she had not cleaned up.  Since I had to cook dinner I á cleaned them myself and felt unhappy and disgusted. 
Saw someone who picked up a cigarette from the floor and smoked á it. 
This person I know lied about how much income his parents made á and received money through grants which he did not need. Another á person is barely making it, did not lie, and did not receive á enough money. 
Once at a camp a classmate criticized me in front of others.  Now á I find that this classmate is very disgusting. 
In the bus I was sitting next to a colleage who was drunk and á behaved in keeping with his state. 
Negative statement concerning me of a friend before strangers. 
I went to spend a night with a relative of mine and there I á found that the bed had been wet the previous night. 
When a "friend" dropped a frog down my neck, and I didn't know á what it was. 
When in my childhood we were forced to take cod-liver oil. 
When I witnessed an accident. 
I once got a phone call stating "one of your friend is in jail, á please come and see him".  When I went to the jail and saw him, I á was disgusted. 
When the Americans set their nucleaar missiles in Europe. 
I stayed at the Coast for a weekend with friends. My brother came á to drive me home, but was rude, and in a hurry to rejoin his á friends. I was embarrassed because the family involved was á extremely nice, and hospitable to him. 
Finding out that the class leader can go to your lectures, and á his English is worse than mine. 
I felt some disgust for my boyfriend for a time, after he had á left me. 
When I am dirty because I have not had a shower for a few days. 
I was dancing Malipenga (traditional dance). I exaggerated the á steps I was supposed to make in the negative way. This happened in á front of spectators. It was bad for our Boma (group) because I á was on the front line where ability is displayed and it is this á ability that counts when choosing the winning side. 
Someone told me he was chosen for the English lectures because he á was a good friend of the class leader. 
I hate hypocrisy. My friend (girl) tried to intrude into my á affairs with my future husband. After that she behaved as if á nothing had happened. 
I was looking at a one-man show on television. He told very á disgusting things so that I started to be disgusted with it. á (Later on it proved that this was his intention). 
There is a person whom I disgust. Evrey time I see her I get this á terrible feeling I disgust her whole appearance. 
I was at the table at a French friend's house.  They served me a á big dish with roast cauliflower and sauce.  I had to eat it. 
At school, I detested the spinach gruel which had lumps of flour á in it. 
This is difficult, since I don't remember feeling disgust towards á anyone. 
Friends who torture animals. 
Being in a Malaysian city with my girlfriend coming out of a á picture theatre - seeing her rush up to a taxi that a very old á sick man was trying to get to. Seeing her take over the taxi. 
Sitting in the dorm when the guys were verbally reading letters á in Penthouse. 
Observation of people lost in the profit motive - i.e. business á managers to their actions esp. 
When I met my boyfriend with another girl. 
When I got indecent offers. 
I felt it when I saw our headmaster blushed ingratiating himself á with high ranking officials. 
Being looked at by someone I do not like. 
A drunken man forced me to kiss him. 
A girl with whom I was staying having sex with a person for about á 3 nights running, and then with his brother the following night, á and back again. 
A drunk man attacked his wife and wanted to humiliate her by á insulting her. Then he turned violent and started to beat her in á front of her child. She left it happen without saying a word in á order not to make things worse. I watched the scene and tried to á calm the man, but without success. Just because he was stronger á we had to comply. From that day I detested him. 
I saw the gare of a prison.  This gare and the building were in á deplorable condition and were full of rubbish. 
I felt disgust toward meat when I felt sick with the steak after á a week only on meat. 
In secondary school I had a class-mate who talked too much.   á Once we went to the cinema after school and she sat next to me and á commented the movie throughout  - very disgusting. 
A certain girl asked me what my major was and when I told her á that it was P.A she started criticizing it saying, "I hate that á course."  She just shows off in front of other people. 
When I saw a male engineer one year and came back to find he was á now a female (I don't know it/them personally). 
I read a book about torture. The book described exactly how the á torturing was done. 
One day, when I was twelve years old, my brother took some slimy á substance swimming on the surface of a pot of vinegar made of á cider and threatened to throw it at me. 
The day I was forced to use a public convenience place in town.  á It was so filthy that it really made me sick. 
I was an instructior in a youth organization.  Whenever we, the á instructors would have a meeting the advisor would be present.  á He did not understand our worknig conditions but talked a lot á and had a lot of outdated ideas.  Whenever we disagreed with him á he was very discontent and said that we had a prejudice against á him.  Why did he have to treat us as his subordinates ? 
I was playing a sport in an advanced PE class and many of the á people were not advanced. 
At the police centre a man between 40-50 was brought in.  He was á very drunk and in all likelihood had not slept indoors for a long á time and had relieved himself in his trousers. 
Someone not responding to my criticism. 
Returning home in the late afternoon I saw an indecent act made á by a man with the purpose that I saw it. 
When a person saw that I was accused of something I had not done á and did not do anything to defend me. 
I felt disgust after watching a picture on television about á torturing political prisoners in India (this happened in the á India of Indira Ghandi). 
I saw a septic, smelling wound. 
I wanted to take something from under my bed. While doing this I á felt a dead bird laying under my bed. 
At my grandmother's detestable and selfish conduct towards my á elder sister, although her behavior was due to senility and lack of á understanding. 
When I saw a woman subjugated by money and not being able to hide á how she hated herself for not having the will power to get out of á such a situation because it was convenient, according to what she á told me. 
Saw people quarreling in a bus. 
At a party I saw two persons having a fight. The aggressions and á the hate between these persons produced an unpleasant impression á on me. 
I am disgusted by people who spoil their identity because of á misbehaviour.  This morning when I was in a crowded bus, I found á a seat on which a university student was sitting on one side and á he had put his bag and files next to him.  There was very little á space left and I sat down while he kept on reading.  Even when I á leaned on him he did not put his bag away.  He did not respond and á I felt very angry. 
When I saw a man who hadn't the lower .... in a car á exhibition. He was passing a handkerchief from inside to outside á of his mouth. 
It was at a comsomol(??) meeting, the last one because we were to á graduate. The way one of my fellow-students behaved made me feel á disgusted. 
I was disgusted when my little sister had been hit badly by her á friends. 
I heard somebody talk about studies in a highly enthusiastic á "student-like" way. 
At the underground station, a drunkard came to speak to me.  He á tried to ask me something but I did not answer so he began to á speak about me with his companion.  I detested this dirty á growling man. 
I once watched the series called "Dynasty" on TV, and I detested á it. 
When my brother promised me money but he failed to fulfill the á promise. 
Getting a low grade on my physics midterm. 
My friends aren't working for the same common goal we all need to á accomplish. 
When I heard about the disaster in Bophal (India). 
When at school I thought that I was going to get the best results á in mathematics, but it was someone else who got the prize. 
Saw my class leader acting like a God when he chose people to go á to your English lectures. 
After the accident which I described in SHAME. I came to myself á and saw how terrible everything looked like. I disgusted myself á and everything I saw. 
I found some worms in the food and I had obviously eaten some. 
I was told I shouldn't visit my sister because the holiday was á short. 
[ I would classify subjectively, a certain gesture or the way of á talking of a person as disgusting or inacceptable.] 
I felt it today when the bus driver shouted rather indecent words á at a man without any reason whatsoever. 
Someone being arrogant to me. 
When an untidy and heavyly drunk person made endeavours to á approach me. 
They asked me to throw the rubbish into a dustbin which had some á awful liquid accumulated at the bottom. 
When I had to sleep in a bed at a hostel, which was full of dirt. 
A striking act of ingratitude at a public vehicle. 
One time at the hospital I passed near the intensive care room. á The offensive smell that came out disgusted me in such a way that á I didn't even dare to enter the room. 
When I saw an insect going up my arm. 
Our boarder burping after meals ! 
I felt the emotion when I entered a certain ward in the hospital á to visit my relative who was sick. 
When an employer of my younger sister (17 yrs) made a "pass" at á her. 
Some people not cueing in the dining hall. 
I took a psych. experiment with a totally unappealing gay man as á the experimentor, some homosexuals are funny or cute, but this á guy was disgusting. Plus the experiment was about gays too. 
An Engineer I know wants war so he can get a job making bombs. 
I used to play with a group of classmates and I found out later á that they were cheap in thought, behaviour and conduct - they á would smoke, fight and speak foul language.  I thought that they á destroyed the image of college students. 
Recently in the tram, a man ran his fingers over my girlfriend á then over me. 
When I see rotten meat. 
Saw a mate bribing the leader. 
A colleague of mine asked a lecturer to put him a higher mark in á order to keep his good mards and thus to continue getting a á scholarship for an excellent grade. 
I worked in a harbour and emptied latrine containers from the á back of the lorries. 
A  group of youngsters dressed in fads talked foul language on a á bus.  They also insulted the  pedestrians on the road and were á impolite to the passengers of the bus. 
Attitude to a related family. 
I lived together with my boyfriend. One night he stayed away and á next day he told me that he had chat up with another girl. 
When I went home by train from Sicilia, I was molested by a man. 
The man who threw me out of the flat disgusted me. 
I saw a terrible accident in which the driver of a motor was á thrown through the frontwindow of a car. His face was completely á away. 
When I went in a clinical hospital and saw in what conditions á people are attended there. 
I felt disgusted when a fellow student asked me to marry him.  I á had not expected this from him as he was a mere friend. 
When Kanishka was blown up, I really felt disgusted at people á killing each other. 
Saw some girls dressed up like Americans 
I felt disgusted when a certain lady spoke words of sarcasm when á I was trying to propose to her. 
I was eating in the dinning hall and some women joined me.  I á could not eat with them so I left the dinning hall. 
The transport to pick us up for lunch was always late and the á driver made the same excuse every day. 
Spit and vomit. 
Dog dirt which thaws in the spring. 
On school, during a fancy fair, there was a stand of amnesty á international. There I read (for the first time) a description of á the tortures of a woman, what they did to her. 
When my girlfriend told me that she was no longer interested in á me. 
In a certain book I read about cruelties and violence in prison á and souteneur circles; I felt especially disgusted when I read á detailed descriptions of physical and mental torture of less á powerful people. 
A too eager approach by a dirty drunken person in a bus. 
I felt disgust with a man I had trusted and respected, to whose á problems I had always shown deep understanding. 
To be kissed by soembody I didn't expect to. 
Doesn't apply. 
The behaviour of a fellow towards me and some others in the army á was really mean.  I detested this. 
On a camp - boys and girls in one cabin. One guy forced himself á upon another girl and was having intercourse, while the girl in á the bunk beneath was pretending to be asleep and not be ill. 
When after a storm in the country, I left my shelter and saw a á big, fat, slimy green toad by my side. 
Saw an arrogant girl walking pass by. 
Saw people spitting in public. 
Disgust with oneself after being intoxicated enough to go to bed á with a stranger. 
A few days ago I saw two dandy girls of my age. I disliked their á clothes and their way of doing. 
I was drinking coffee in a cafe and I found a piece of scrubber á in my cup. 
A person I know who tells lies and so pretending to be better á than she is. 
I trusted a friend of mine, but she lied to me about something á and this disgusted me. 
I read about a monk who had been murdered and put into a barrel á which was filled with blood of pigs. 
Finding out that some students are getting good reports they do á not deserve. 
When I saw an accident where the man lost his head. 
When I stand at the bus stop for one hour waiting for the bus to á arrive. 
A film were a woman was attacked and raped.  One did not see the á worst but it had the desired effect - very strong. 
I received a letter which was too strong for me. It said I had á done something which I really didn't do. 
I am disgusted with the fact that bad singers play at the opera á (and not only there) only because they are protegTs or lovers of á an important felow while at the same time some young and able á singers work in a quite different field of life. 
I feel disgust when hearing or seeing other people being treated á inhumanely. For example torturing in chili. 
My mother was always fastidious about my room, bed time, etc.  á She treated us strictly and punished us physically.   These á things were intolerable. 
When my best friend started getting involved in my private á affairs. 
A teacher was very blunt in his relation to a child so that the á child was very upset when arriving at home. 
When I saw a very disagreable scene. 
When I was walking on the street, I slipped on the dung of a dog. á I did not fall down, but I felt disgusted by the bad smell on my á sole. 
I feel disgusted at my cousin, who is bad-mannered, does not know á how to behave and talk to others, he does not respect elders and á lies all the time. 
At the sight of an insect, such as the black-beetle. 
Overeating a traditional type of food - blood pudding. 
Cueing for bath for a long time. 
When I knew that a person who I didn't like, had about me other á feelings. 
The behaviour of people spitting everywhere. 
I was disgusted to see a person vomitting and I was told to clean á the place where the vomit was. 
I was disgusted at the existing red-tape in the government á offices.  I accquired my passport three months after having applied for á it and I had to go back five times to them to correct a minor á error. 
People spitting in railway stations. 
I felt disgusted when we (family) avoided a problem which could á be solved readily. 
My roommate boasting about her English lectures. 
I feel disgusted with the bootlickers, with helpless people. 
From the cigarette smoke. Usually I feel disgust from it when I á am in a restaurant. 
In a warm bus full of people, someone vomited and the whole bus á stank. 
On a trip abroad, a lady-like member of our group turned out to á be an alcoholic.  She spoilt many days of my holidays because of á her behaviour and paranoia. 
My mother was very angry with my little sister and told her to á put her hands on the table in order to beat her hands up. She á forced by means of her power. 
In a public swimming hall I saw a very aggressive man who á practically attacked the children who got in his way when he was á swimming. 
For a drunk man (about 20 years old) that I met one evening, and á who behaved impudently with the girls standing by. 
My roommate talking and shaking her bed at night. 
When I found my girl in bed with another man. 
A child told me she had been sexually abused by her step-father. á I only knew the child and had not come into contact with either á parent. I tried to do what was best for the child. The event and á the stepfather disgusted me. 
When I see the acts and deeds of a blind drunk man. 
When I found out some family friends were embezzelling the á company they worked for - using company petrol and food supplies á and claiming furniture and crockery. 
Getting into a crowded bus. 
I feel disgust with my first boyfriend who made fun of our love á in an abominable way. 
When I saw a woman who had been run over by a train, just off á Kafue.  The woman had been cut to bits, there was blood and        á splinters of bone every where. 
[ Can not think of any situation.] 
Finding out some people had been talking about me at my back. 
When some people, including me, are treated in a way which á equates them to an animal or a thing. 
It is very difficult to relate it to a certain event. I am á familiar with the disgust of Sartre (la nausTe), a frequently á occurring cause may be described as "the self-assured dullness". 
When my fellow classmates were involved in a quarrel. 
A woman picked her nose and spit right next to me. 
Seeing someone who has bleeding nose. 
When other people refuse to do their house jobs and give the á work to someone else. 
I was stopped from entering a party while I was at School but I á had an Invitation card with me. This was done because they said I á was too young to join elderly people. 
When I saw a fight I had a physical reaction of disgust and of á deep perturbation. 
When I was the South Koreans on the TV. 
Noticing my flat had maggotts ! 
I felt disgust when I saw a drunkard vomiting very offensive á matter. 
During my birthday party a friend drank too much alcohol. So much á that he had to throw up. Worst of all was that he couldn't leave á my friend alone and that he was molesting her. 
I was working in a classmate's house with a group. A girl began á to graze her foot against mine under the table. 
A girl who also hires a room in the house where I live always á tries to make a quarrel with everyone available she disgusts me. 
When a friend of mine keeps telling me morbid things that á happened to his dog. 
When a boy put a handful of cooked potatoes down my dress and á there was no water to clean up. 
I went out with my sister, her boyfriend and his friend. I did á not like this young man. But suddenly he overcame me and kissed á me. He was very strong so that I could not defend myself. 
When my oldest sister discovered that her boyfriend had another á girl. 
When a girl in my class (on the secondary school) appeased the á teacher, resulting in getting a higher grade. This occurred often á with her. 
[ I feel disgust at people lying.  It means that they say one á thing to one person and the same thing in another way to another á person and this makes people quarrel among themselves.] 
Saw two Canadian students boasting about how rich they are in á Canada. 
During lunch with some classmates, a priest was also there.  He á was eating desperately as if someone was going to take his plate á away.  He did it with gluttony.  He wiped his hands on his suit á several times and it was full of crumbs. 
When somebody despised a friend of mine. 
When I heard that one of my good friends, when at a party, had á got herself involved with some very undesirable characters and á was experimenting with drugs. 
When a skunk invaded camp. 
When I saw a drunk man urinate upon himsellf and he seemed to be á thoroughly content with it. 
I saw a program on T.V where they had to saw a skull for an        á operation. 
When I patronized a certain tavern which had prostitutes, it was á almost a brothel. 
The first day I visited the hospital I was disgusted because I á experienced offensive smell which I never expected. I nearly ran á away from the course. 
I had some sort of a stomach virus last week and  I vomited in á college in the morning, then in the cake shop, three times during á the trip home and again when I got home. 
Someone, who was sitting very close to me, was smoknig in the á compartment of an air conditioned mini-bus. 
I was really disgusted when I saw one of my friends soiling on á his clothes. I thought he was mad. 
Knowing that I had to do the survey with him I felt very á reluctant.  Although I do not know him I feel disgusted by just á looking at him.  Thinking that the project lasted several days I á regreted having joined that project. 
While watching a film of an experimental operation on a cat's á brain in which the cat had metal pieces protruding from its eyes, á mouth etc. to keep the head stable while being cut open. 
A class-mate answered (accidentally) the call of nature in the á class during a tough mathematics examination. 
In cinema I saw a film which showed how a person was torn out his á guts when he was still alive. 
In a study group, a person always liked to argue on some á unimportant, irrelevant and minor points.  He tried to persuade    á others in an unfriendly way.  He was obstinate and would not accept  á other's point of view. 
Once I had to clean a lavatory which was obstructed.  It was in a á friend's country house and there was nobody there to help me. 
Someone had stolen an article from a library journal. 
One day I was going through the street door of my house, when a á man asked me for a doctor.  He then showed me his genitals and á asked me to cure him myself. 
When I needed another job and tought that a good and known person á (my employer) could help me. He simply said that he couldn't help á me. 
When one learns through the mass media all the wars and killing á going on in the world. 
At the crowded conditions of living.  I always quarrel with my á elder brother as he puts the T.V volume at a deafening level and á I can not practise my piano lessons.  Thus I feel that my home is á disgusting. 
I saw some images of a decapitation in a horror film. 
A story I heard recently about a baby dying after sexual á abuse. 
Eco-activists demonstrated against a project to build a power station á at the Danube in the middle of a lowland forest (Hainburg) and á the government decided to delay it for another year. When my á father heard about it, he said that we needed another Hitler. 
After joining my M.A in Social Sciences, I appeared for the first á semester exam.  I failed one of the exams, and when I looked at á my results I felt disgusted and then I got angry. 
A boyfriend with whom I split up with came over to a friend's á house where I was visiting with a male friend. In a confrontation á in another room he tried to find out if I was aroused by my á friend by feeling my parts. 
An officer at the Dean of students office had promised me to give á me a room the next day, but he failed to keep his promise. 
When I was weeding the garden I found a lizard in my hand. 
In May somebody blamed me that I made him to be caught while á peeping during the Nursing Test which made me feel disgusted. 
When someone whom I trusted, disappointed me terribly. 
Because of the examination I had to study night and day. 
I had to wash my grandmother because she did not get to the á bathroom on time. 
My parents attitude towards each other when they should become á reconciled, despite my father's long-time addiction. 
Saw a dirty street. 
I was disgusted with the behaviour of one of my fellow students á during my Secondary School life. He was a habitual noise-maker á and caused great conflicts with the teachers. 
A teacher giving a test was called by a student by his first á name. He (the teacher) said that he didn't give him this liberty. 
Four weeks ago I felt very much touched to find an asciatic á patient who had asked the very morning to be tapped of the fluid, á dying in the evening. I was really disgusted because this was the á Medical staff's negligence. Had the Clinical officers done á something that very morning he might have been alive today. 
I was disgusted with the hypocrisy of my colleagues from the á group. 
In the tram there was a fat, sickly looking woman in front of me á who was asking for directions in a thick voice.  When she got up to á go a disgusting smell of urine came from her.  I felt that I á would choke. 
Maltreatment of children. 
My friends and I were sitting at a restaurant. We were talking á and a few of them said awful things about women. I became á disgusted by their narrow-mindedness. 
When a student accused me of having stolen his textbook  as he á had found a form bearing my name in his other books and all my á explanations fell on deaf ears. 
It was a narrow and dirty passage which was located near the á market and I had to stand there to wait for people. 
When I read racist slogans on the walls. 
When I was in the army, we got a certain dish for dinner that I á do not like at all. We were not obliged to eat, but I was very á hungry. 
When a very near person got into an awkward situation but showed á only helplessness and indecision. 
When I failed to secure employment after my form 5 in Lusaka despite á my excellent certificate. 
Some people were unfairly treated, because of their á nationality/colour. 
There was a family fight in my house some time back.  My uncle á had given me a watch as a present and I lost it.  During the á fight he accused me of having sold the watch.  I was disgusted at á his false accusations. 
A friend told me how he managed to win the sympathy of as many á people as possible. He said he first listened to what they said á and then he tried to only say things they would like to hear. á He would never express his own opinion. I felt really disgusted á when he told that. 
This happened when I went to visit my friend in Chelston and á found him screwing my girlfriend. 
I felt disgusted when somebody told me that my previous boyfriend á was her boyfriend. 
When somebody behaves like a scoundrel. Recently a colleague of á mine used the name of another one for his own benefit. 
When I visited a creche. The conditions weren't too precarious á but the children were in conditions of physical and emotional á penury. 
In a bus I fell sick and vomitted in a bag.  The entire situation á was disgusting in itself. 
Through the media and their presentation of a kidnapped child who á was raped. 
When an acquaintance of mine told me about the way his parents á treated their sons in an unequal manner.  The most successful of á them got continuous encouragement, and the youngest was not á encouraged and was rejected. 
To loose friends because of them over-estimating themselves. 
I saw a film about the nazi concentration camps during the war. á After the film I felt disgust. 
When I was younger I often saw my father come home drunk (he had á big problems at that time). Once he woke me up in the middle of á the night and shouted at me. 
Being mistreated by my former primary school teacher, Mr Zalu. 
I was at a friend's place for lunch and she fell ill and á vomited. 
Saw a dead rat on the street. 
I had experienced odd moments one time when a patient came into á the Ward in which I was working. The patient was badly burnt in á the right side of her body. I was very nervous at the sight. 
I thought that the guy I had been associating with for over a á year went out 2 or 3 times with a high school girl whom he claimed á not to like. 
I saw a man falling on the walkway. He seemed half dead, and was á immobile. I felt disgust for the people who passed by without á doing anything to help. 
A mother who shouts at her child for nothing. 
[ Honestly, I have never felt disgust at any situation in my á life.] 
When I was working as a nurse in a mental hospital, a patient ate á up the contents of another patient's spitoon. 
I feel disgusted since I am unable to cope with all the wordly á affairs as I spend much precious time to pursue my hobby and á to be admist the people I love and long to be with. 
When I learned that a relative had been spreading rumours about á me. 
I felt disgust when I kissed a guy that I know. I was on the outs á with my boyfriend and this person appeared but he has nothing to á do with me. 
People not cueing in the college dining room. 
When junior doctors returned to work after bunking them. 
My notes were not returned to me, it kept on being á procrastinated. 
After my +2, when I did not get admission in B.E I felt disgusted. 
I was on my way home by bus.  A man who had drunk a fair amount of á alcohol started talking, trying to hug and pat a woman sitting á next to him.  Fortunately it was not me. 
Whenever I see a spider or a snake I feel disgusted. 
At a party my best girlfriend got really drunk and went off with á a guy she knows I really like. 
Disgust with drunk people. 
A few days back I was waiting for the bus at the bus stop.  á Before getting into the bus I had prepared the exact amount of á coins to pay for the bus fair and when I got into the bus I put á these coins into the box meant to collect the bus fair.  I á thought that I had paid and wanted to get inside.  However the á bus driver called me and asked me in an impolite way if the coins á were stuck at the opening  of the box.  He had not seen me paying á and there wasn't a stack of coins in the box.  I could not á understand this and the driver kept questioning me.  He made me á feel angry and at last i inserted a dollar coin in the box just á to get away from him.  Later I found that I had forgotten a few á coins in my pocket and had not paid enough for the fair the first á time.  After I had entered the bus I could still hear him á scolding me and I felt disgusted. 
When I was in Eindhoven on an Exhibition of Hernan Nitsche, who á made paintings with real blood. There were also photographs about á the killing of cows. 
I saw a cripple in rags with small children in Italy.  He was á probably an imposter. 
3 years ago I served in the army. Once a collegue denounced me á because of a delict, which is usually committed. I was arrested á for 3 days. I still detest this man. 
One of my flatmates and I came back to the flat Monday morning, á to find a real Mess, left by the guy we share with. 
At the butcher's I saw an animal which had just been slaughtered; á blood was dripping on the floor. 
I felt this situation when a certain woman from a close village á shouted at my mother because she didn't get what she wanted, she á wanted some salt to put in her relish. 
When the summer holiday job was almost over. 
Some boys not cueing in the dining hall. 
When I found a maggot in my food at the dinning hall, all the á food had gone bad. 
When a girl I knew aborted and threw the seven month foetus in a á man-hole. 
When I was told that the brother who was staying with me would á not go to the training school that year but only the year after. 
When I went to visit a relative and saw how messy and dirty his á place was, in the absence of his wife. 
When I got to know the details if the famine in East Africa. 
When an alcoholic stood dribbling over a food counter. 
I was returning from the Universtity at night when I was accosted á by a boy who molested me, passing his hands on my body. 
I was at home and I heard a loud sound of spitting outside the á door.  I thought that one of my family members would step on the spit á and bring the germs in the house. 
When I was a young teenager (14)  my brother-in-law to be had á made heavy advances to me.  I did not understand very well what á it was all about but I reacted strongly and the feelings are á still there. 
A friend was assaulted by a young man on her way home. 
Several weeks ago, I had problems with friends, I felt disgusted á by a friend. 
I studied medicine for several semesters. I was always disgusted á when we had the dissecting-course. I cannot understand why some á persons like this course. 
When I tried to explain to my child as to why there were á magazines wiith naked girls on them at the kiosk. 
While reading Olli Jalonen's new book, the distant, cold and á selfish relationships between people (in the book) made me feel á disgusted. 
Was confronted with a person having negative thoughts of other á people because of their social status, beliefs, color and á outlook on life (perspective). 
When reading a newspaper story of a man who had committed á incestuous acts on his two-year old child - the thought that á anyone could do such a thing is abhorrent to me. 
When I went to the clinic for a medical check-up and saw the way á the lecturer was conducting the lecture and the kind of responses á he got from the patients. 
Does not apply. 
I felt disgusted at my teams poor perfomance prior to league á play. 
A friend of mine had sex with someone of a different race on a á Winnebago trip down to USC in front of everyone (all my friends á embarrassed my sorority house name). 
My dog had been run over and died near the house.  We had to pick á him up, cold and glassy eyed, to get rid of the corpse. 
The acts of brutal violence in generally disgusts me. Fights, á phisical aggrssion, etc. 
When I was substituted in a play which was to be staged, after I á had learnt all the lines. 
I felt disgusted when I was not given money for lunch at school á by my father as a punishment for beating my little brother. 
Saw my brother-in-law insulting my sister. 
Bisshop Ter Schure intoduced himself on TV to the Dutch Nation. á He spoke as if he was God himself, and didn't discuss the way he á had achieved this position. 
When I was studying and someone disturbed me. 
At an anti-pornography meeting, when samples from films and á magazines were shown. 
When a boy whom I refused to be my lover told all his friends á that I was his girl he has refused me because I was not faithful á to him. 
A friend of mine was telling jokes which I felt to be very á disgusting, especially because I was eating. 
I had a friend who was very kind to me.  I tried my best to like á him and understand him but when I was with him I could not help á rejecting, criticizing and blaming him.  I wanted to get away á from him as soon as possible. 
[ Normally I do not feel disgusted.] 
When I watched TV and saw a performance of "Prince" (a popidol). á Disgusting he'd better be a stallion. 
When I had to dissect a live mouse at school. 
When I was reading a book.  It had nothing to do with the book á itself but with the disagreable smell of the pages of the book. 
Over an argument. 
Finding out that my best friend was deceiving me. 
Robbery mentioned under sadness. 
When I nearly walked on a blindworm and then saw it crawl away. 
When I could not attend the college picnic due to some á difficulties. 
While travelling in a bus, there were three people sitting behind á me (two men and a woman).  They were drunk and the conversation á was unbelievable (about fucking, fellatio, etc...).  They tried á to get others to take part in the conversation.  I loathed it and á felt like crying. 
Somebody went around spreading news that I like people with á money. 
A situation of overt unfairness, manipulation of people and its á consequences. 
I feel disgust at my neighbour, because she comes to our house with á her child, who spoils our furniture. 
When I happen to witness some sadistic acts. 
Encouter with a prostitute. 
In Ward 1A was an epileptic patient who was burnt the whole body á and was stinking very much such that the whole ward was affected. á Few people could come near him. 
To see damaged lettuce (with worms) in the icebox. 
When I heard that my sister had shouted at my friend's cousin at á their place. 
After a pleasant evening with friends in my flat, one of them did á not want to leave, because he wanted to sleep with me. He said á that he had fallen in love with me, that he felt alone and so on. 
I was disgusted when our cricket team manager dropped me from the á team. 
When I made love with someone who I didn't really love. Sometimes á I even considered him unlikable. 
When my room-mate made a mess of the room after having drunk the á whole night at a graduation party ceremony. 
Someone told me a story of Amnesty International: a boy was á killed and his head was put in the litter of his girlfriend. It á looked as if she was pregnant, then she died. It is disgusting, I á can hardly write it down. 
It was when my father beat my mother while she was ill for three á weeks and now she was recovering. 
A man whom I like, was drunk and tried to molest me. 
Now that the 49ers are winners, the fans are coming out of the á woodwork and jumping on the bandwagon and that disgusts me. 
When a begggar approached me for money, I felt disgusted. 
On the road there was a dead animal with its entrails showing and á its skull crushed. 
Watching an alcoholic woman who was approaching everyone at the á wharf for cigarettes - a prostitute in Auckland (elderly). 
When I had to eat scraps from a dust-bin, because of a bet. 
Disgust at a girl I know for continually feeling sorry for herself á and never acting positively to do something about her problems. 
When I was an auxiliary nurse at the hospital and I had to change á the nappies, for the first time, of a very old and sick woman. 
When my friend who was drunk insulted me in public for no reason at á all. 
I had intercourse with someone and then I realized that what I á had done was wrong and it disgusted me. 
A sour looking man was beating his thin dog in Remuera. 
When after a party celebrating a friend's 21st birthday - upon á leaving I found 10 people outside throwing up and further 4 á unconscious. 
Can't remember having had this feeling. 
I was disgusted to find out that the water isn't filtered or á purified before it leaves Latimer Hall from the drains. 
If a guy one is not interested in makes advances. 
Watching a violent movie. 
At work when I did not get the full co-operation of my colleagues á to complete an assignment. 
A series about Freud was shown on TV.  In it, a tampon had been á set in the nose of a woman, and forgotten there.  After great á pain it was taken off (close-up picture), the woman was bleeding á from the nose and the mouth. 
Nothing. 
Someone vomited on the street. 
In contact with a poor family of northeast it was offered to me a á crab to eat at my request. But the fact that this crab was á prepared antihygienically and his appearence was also á antihygienically it caused me disgust but I ate it anyway. 
At a social event when none of the guests would help to serve á food or clear tables. It was all beneath them. 
When I learnt that my best friend had failed the exams. 
The emotion came to me when a certain girl who was not polite to á her mother hit her sister severely. 
The serving lady in the students' dining hall shouting at á studennts. 
When I was presumed to have stolen maize from the school garden. 
Saw a man dressed as a woman. 
When my friend who is close to me got engaged and did not invite á me. 
I have felt this feeling when a person whom I believe and respect, á lied to me. 
There is a certain person, whom I only have seen. He makes me á cringe, feel disgust. 
I felt disgusted one day when, as we were eating, a child á defecated on the table side. 
When I heard that a woman of my community had aborted and got rid á of the foetus by throwing it in the drain. 
When an uncle of mine who is very ill started to cough wich á sounded very dirty. (He can't help it of course). 
I was reading in the paper the feature on Henry Lucas who claims á to have killed 380 people. He was a recreational killer and a á necrophiliac and zoophiliac. He has raped and beaten many women á and killed men too. 
A gathering of a social sports club at which they proceeded to á show pornographic videos and then afterwards (when most people á had had quite a bit to drink) carried on in a very degrading, á unmoral manner - especially females exposing and flaunting á themselves with no shame or embarassment. 
One of my fellow students used questionable and unfair means to á advance her studies faster than others.  I detested her. 
At what I was capable of of selfishly using others for sexual á encounters, while I held a vision of having a deepening á above-board (you know, "girl next door") devotion to a girl in my á head. My drives and actions did not match this so consequently I á felt disgusted at my failure. 
When I was working, I got treated in a way which I felt was not á democratic. 
Class leader told me to collect homework for him. 
A relative not acting on her promise. 
When I saw a wino by some cans with Food Stamps and use the á change to buy wine. 
When the N.Z. rugby union announced that they would proceed with á a rugby tour of South Africa. 
My mother called me because she had read through the enveloppe a letter á addressed to me.  She denied having read it intentionally and á said "the words just popped out through the enveloppe as the sun á was shining on it". Hah Hah. 
At a Sm÷rgasbord table, a man mixed differnet kinds of picked á herrings with fruit salad. 
In the evening, while I was watching TV, my little brother came á in and started eating food he had brought from the kitchen while á I was trying to concentrate on the program. 
I went to a restaurant with my boyfriend for dinner. There we saw á a couple. the man of the couple was a negro and he hadn't manners á for eat. 
Next door nieghbour ran over his cat in driveway, he tried to á finish it off with a flat shovel. I would have taken cat to á veterinary to either kill humanely or cure. 
A brother from one of the Christian fellowship often phoned me á and talked to me for half an hour or more.  However there was á nothing important in the conversation and I found the person very á disgusting. 
When I was in a Christian institution, sometimes the nuns would á send back the people who came to visit us when it was not the á visiting hours.  This disgusted me. 
I felt disgusted when I went to one of the Central hospitals á where my hope of getting good treatment was turned down by one of á the doctors who said I was alright despite my feeling pain. 
I feel disgusted when people do not understand me in the right á way, i.e they misunderstand me. 
I felt disgust about all my friends. After having done a great á effort to organize an evening together, and didn't work out, they á put the blame on me. After this, I feel disgust towards those that á blame me. 
When once again I drank too much and felt very rotten the morning á after. 
My parents claimed me on their income tax after I had been out of á the house for two years receiving no financial support from them. á As result I had to work more during school because they were á expected by the FAO to contribute to my education when they á refuse to do so. 
When thieves broke into our house, I was disgusted by their á behaviour.  They did not find anything so they broke things like á the windows, glasses etc. 
I was disgusted at the way the bus conductor threw out an old á woman oiut of the mini-bus simply because she could not pay the á fare for her luggage. 
I was in a train when a woman started talking loudly and á attracting everybody's attention.  The worst thing was that she á was discussing something, about which she knew nothing, with another person. 
A girlfriend of mine behaves in a very childish way - she does á not like my going to see a friend who has been introduced to me á by this same friend of mine.  I would like to be friends with á both of them, but she does not like this as she is possessive and á would like me to be close only to her. 
It happened that one of my best friends just took my shirt á without my knowledge, I hadn't put it on for many days and I was á short of clothes. 
[ I feel disgusted at people who talk negatively about a person á without knowing the person well.] 
At school a classmate who was a very good pupil had to help á another boy who performed less well. He told him on purpose the á wrong things so that he had to repeat a year. 
About my girlfriend's sister who is a viper as I discovered some á time ago. 
When I saw a documentary film about World War II (about Hitler á and his adepts). 
My friend and I worked for the community centre by holding a booth. á  One day my friend went off to another booth to play.  This á meant that I was very busy and could not maintain order.  His á behaviour disgusted me. 
I was disgusted with my brother's behaviour when he kept throwing á things away because of his anger, after mum had shouted at him. 
At a party I met a girl who drew me to her, told me some nonsense á and always wanted to kiss me. 
A drunk man bumped into me and wanted to grip me. Fortunately I á was able to break loose. 
A similar feeling I felt quite recently while travelling in a á taxi. The driver treated me roughly and dishonestly - he chose á the longest route, he overdrawed almost one lev more and he tried á to be intimate with me. 
My life-partner is going through a crisis (way of life, old-fashioned values) á and can only get out of it by talking bold decisions.  I have á noticed his cowardice and attempts to escape his problems by á drinking.  I detest his drinking and his being full of self-pity. 
While walking in town I noticed how the police harrassed a man á who was under the influence of alcohol.  They terrified him with á the thought of arrest by driving close behind him on a pedestrian á street.  My disgust was directed at the gestures and the facial á expressions of the policemen; they seemed to be enjoying á themselves. 
I was disgusted the other day I was told to take off the dog's á faeces around the house since they smelled bad I did the job but á in the end I felt disgusted. 
Each time I am confronted with reports about repression and á torture. 
A drunk walked out in front of a car at night. Both lower legs á were broken. His shoe was thrown about 50 yards after the á accident. 
I was sitting in a station-hall and watching a lavatory á attendant. She was very dirty. She started to eat something out á of a dirty cup - it must have been something like lard. Then she á took some breadcrumbs out of the pockets of her apron and ate á them. I had to leave - I felt like vomitting. 
I had joined a youth group that observed the affairs of our á community and so I had many opportunities to contact the á government and the committee members of the district board (a á local executive structure).  We always tried to consult and á discuss with them, but we found that such people did not á understand community affairs and they even dampened our á enthusiasm in local affairs.  I did not understand why they had á decided to work as community leaders. 
When my demand for accomodation on the campus was refused and the á rooms were allotted to first year students who were from "Rucher" á and came from influential families. 
When I entered a toilet in a bar and it stank. 
I felt disgusted when I was in a helpless position at the loss of á my fiancee. 
When I, for the first time, failed a junior exam, i.e form 3. 
Once while studying for my exam I found so many complicated words á that it disgusted me. 
Several years ago I stayed with friends in the mountains for one á week. We lived in a hut and had to cook for ourselves. One day my á friend did not succeed in preparing spaghetti. That dinner was á terrible - nevertheless we all ate rather much and had an á improper and unsavoury conversation. 
People who came to our home - and requested "Put out your smoke". á That we should not smoke in our house... and asked not even á politely. It disgusted me because I think people need to adapt to á the situation. 
In Punjab, when in the name of religion people killed each other á during the agitation. 
When I saw our computer teacher. 
I was forced to go to a party with someone I didn't love and he á was telling people that I was his girlfriend. 
Cleaning the bathroom of my apt. and realizing my roommate who á had lived there all summer by himself had never cleaned the á place. 
When my father shouted at me for going to a party with my sister. 
Watching a TV documentary on seal clubbing. 
A man spat on the wall of a house. 
[ Can not remember.] 
Someone ruining someone's property just for the fun of it. 
I felt disgusted about a teacher who had rejected all that was á human in her. She refused to accept the flowers we gave her for á the eighth of March and asked for a foreign parfume instead. 
One day I went to see a rather disagreeable film (X). 
[ There have been very few instances of disgust, as far as I can á remember they are not important or worth mentioning.] 
I was very disgusted the first day I went to put a dead body in á the Mortuary. There were many dead bodies and some were uncovered á so we had to put on top of the other bodies. 
When people around me did not understand me the right way. 
When my friend, after a beer spree vomitted in my sitting room. 
At a certain person's lack of cleanliness, at home and á personally. 
When I came to know that my father and his parents were : self á interested, dirty, negative, egoist, bad peolpe,...... 
When I found out how the people of Ethiopia were starving and á their government was spending millions on celebrating being in á power so many years. Then I saw all these people on TV needing á food, etc. 
Spoilt, smashed and molded potatoes in the fridge, and having to á clean up the dish later. 
I was disgusted when my brother was arrested because of stealing á money. 
When my mother got a terrible beating from my father.  It was so á bad that she fainted and it was only then that my dad realized á how bad it was. 
Every time I meet a certain person. We cannot get on well á together, we dislike each other. 
I read a story in the newspaper about butchers treating their á animals very badly. They disgusted me. 
I saw a dog who was eating excrements. 
One of my best friends was found lying flat on the road because á he was drunk and was taken by the police and put in a cell. I á went to see him the following morning, the place was really a á mess and was smelling badly. I didn't like it. 
When I failed the grade 7 twice and only passed it the third á time. 
Foreign students playing loud music in the night before the á biology examn. 
When opened a box of biscuits and found worms inside. 
Can't remember any such feelings now. 
When I saw a scene on T.V where a castration was shown. 
When I ate a rotten apple. 
I felt very disgusted at a friend to whom I had given a Psychology á book to read, and she did not care to give me back the book á during the exams. 
Discovering a good friend had lied to me, resulting in a á detrimental relationship with another person. 
It was in a tramway-carriage: A stranger insulted a girl just á because she blew her nose. I detested his behaviour. 
After learning on the news about this man who killed more than á 300 women and habitually copulated into their inert bodies. 
When a dog is left whining outside a shop. 
When I was touring Asia with my present football team, I saw old á Europeans with young asiatic prostitutes. 
When I saw the film "Memorie of Prison" I saw a scene of á masturbation of a man in the hold of a ship apart form fact that á the film wasn't pleasant I had a leg of coconut candies in my á hands. 
Whenever I see an alcoholic. 
Getting back my math midterm, I received a lower grade than I á thought I would get. After going through the questions I felt á that the grader had graded harshly and I had made only a few ? á errors. 
Students on campus were unnecessarily creating trouble just to á heckle the authorities - not to achieve something concrete, but á to further their own interest. 
Whenever I spoke to a female classmate I felt disgusted.  She á said meaningless things and seemed to indicate something to me á but I did not love/like her. 
The curriculum of the year !   The English course was very heavy. á  I had not prepared and the teacher asked several questions á during class.  The students were not ready to answer the á questions and the teacher was frustated. 
I found a big black beetle in my coffee cup. It was alive big and á it was moving its limbs. 
The first time that I saw a surgeon cut off a leg and put it in a á black rubbish bag. 
When somebody who had been a bully and had acted cruelly to á others who were unable to defend themselves was taken down a few á notches and he began to grovel. I was disgusted with his á grovelling and the manner in which he had treated others. 
I usually come back home early but this day I came home back late á to find some visitors at my place. 
I was on a walk with my child when I met a drunk woman. 
Grandfather lives in a home for the elderly. He always looks á forward to visits. On his birthday (by coincidence it was on á "Mummy's day") however, nobody went to see him. Is the own family á more important than grandfather ? 
One of these people who sell meat in town used a knife to stab á his friend and later carried on using the same knife to cut meat. 
When I learnt that my offer to study at the university had been á withdrawn  and so I would not get hostel accomodation at UNZA, á even though I registered as a student later. 
Someone smoking on Electric train (Electric trains are á non-smoking) with alcohol smell coming from person. 
Someone told me I was chosen for the English lectures because I á am good looking. 
When a person I did not know hurt a friend of mine. 
I felt disgust when I received visitors at an odd hour. I was á seriously preparing for Examinations, so I did not appreciate á their coming. 
I am disgusted at the number of second year students who are á pregnant illegitimately. 
On a trip I passed by a cellulose factory. It was a fine day, á beautiful landscape; I observed this factory with disgust. 
During the PY 102 film session on Tuesday, one of the films shown  á was of an experiment on a live cat involving strapping it into a á machine for possibly days, and doing things to its brain. 
I have experienced disgust with some people - usually double á dealers. 
When we complained about the uncleanliness of the work place, the á authorities agreed to have the place cleaned.  Even after 2-3 á days nothing had been done.  I felt disgusted at the whole á situation. 
When a classmate of ours knocked on our door at 2 o'clock in the á morning.  I was disgusted at his behaviour. 
A friend once reacted childishly (he is 23 yearrs old) to my not á responding in his favour to a request, that is: he asked me for á some money I refused, and his reaction was quite childish. 
When I was denied my favourite dish at the dinning hall (shima á with roast chicken), I felt disgusted. 
I deliberately avoided a person who I wanted to hurt, and who á wanted to talk to me. 
While walking on the street with a good friend of mine, we met an á acquaintance of hers.  My friend started showing off and telling á false stories about herself and praising herself. 
I feel disgusted at not having got aa "A" in yesterday's á practicals of G220. 
I had a quarrel with a friend who lived with me in the same flat. á He moved out. Before he went he invited me and some friends for a á drink. At last he was totally drunk and smelled disgusting. á Besides, he told lies about us and behaved as if he was to be á pitied. 
When I heard about a murder of a 16-year-old girl. 
In a sexual experience with an unknown woman where after the á sexual act I only could go away without looking backwards. 
I found out accidentaly that while my uncle was away in Canada, my á aunt had been bedding a young man on a regular basis. 
Doing this pointless questionnaire. 
I caught a glimpse of a black-beetle. 
I feel disgust towards those who are responsible for the death of á others. 
Salo, a movie film by Pasolini. People were misused and tortured á for the fun of a few elder Italian authorities, during World War á II. 
When a man spoke very sexistly in the company of some friends of á mine. 
Reading literature on AIDS/homosexuality. 
When someone I had had a relationship (purely sexual) with came á up to me after I had used her and acted as if nothing had á changed. 
When my roommate came home at 10 in the morning after sleeping á with a guy she did not know because she got drunk. (Se has a á boyfriend too). 
Saw someone messing up our room. 
Disgust at myself when I stroked a sleeping girl's private parts. 
When I worked at the life-saving service I was disgusted by a á patient whose outward appearance was distasteful. 
I was hitch-hiking when a man stopped and gave me a lift to á Nijmegen. During the ride he asked me whether I was in for fun. á The man was fat and tatooed. 
The teacher of one course gave me 10 questions with sub-questions á going from a to e for each question.  She asked me to do all this á in one and a half hours.  It involved a lot of describing and á explaining and even though I knew all the answers, I could not á finish the work. 
Saw my roommate messing up our room. 
At a party where the boys were telling revolting stories about á the girls they'd been with. 
While watching the movie called "Deer hunter" on TV, when it á showed how prisoners were treated. 
With a Manager who insists on making crude innuendos pertaining á to sex. 
With a woman who had walked into my place of employment and á urinated on the floor in front of everyone. 
With an alcoholic. 
With my mouth full of bun, I drank directly from a packet of milk á which turned out to be weeks old (completely separated).  It took á a while for the milk to seep through the bun. 
With the N.Z. Rugby Union wanting to send the All Blacks to South á Africa. 
